:recycle: Restructuring the Website (#251)
ros-planning/moveit2_tutorials: doc/concepts/tutorials.rst

Tutorials
=========

Tutorials are one of the most useful contributions you can make because they are the first thing many new users see.
We have separated the sections of this website based on `The Documentation System <https://documentation.divio.com/>`_.
Tutorials are **Learning-Oriented** and have these qualities:

* learning by doing
* inspiring confidence
* repeatability
* immediate sense of achievement

> * concretness, not abstraction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* concreteness, not abstraction
```
or 
```suggestion
* concrete, not abstract
```

* minimum necessary explanation
* no distractions
* no options or decisions

In the end, the reader should feel a sense of accomplishment.

> For that, they have to take some actions that they were instructed to.

Reviewer: I sort of understand what this sentence is getting at, but it doesn't feel complete. 

```suggestion
For that to happen, they need to play an active role throughout the tutorial.
```

> We should avoid the pattern of having a pre-made program that the user just executes followed by an explanation of the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid the pattern of having a pre-made program that the user just executes followed by an explanation of the code.
```

Ideally each tutorial should extend the previous one to make them feel connected.

Tutorials are not the place for explaining nuanced abstractions or discussing decisions.

> In order to foster learning by the newest users they should build muscle memory around using the varous components in MoveIt to do specific tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to foster learning by the newest users, they should build muscle memory around using the various components in MoveIt to do specific tasks.
```

> When a user is going through the tutorials, we should avoid distracting them with potential rabbit holes as that'll detract from the experience of the tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user is going through the tutorials, avoid distracting them with potential rabbit holes as that will detract from their experience.
```

> Save detailed explinations for the :doc:`/doc/concepts/concepts` pages on this site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save detailed explanations for the :doc:`/doc/concepts/concepts` pages on this site.
```

> Place links to external sties and other resources at the end of the tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place links to external sites and other resources at the end of the tutorial.
```

> It is important that the tutorials are reviewed by those that are as close as possible to the intended audience in their amount of experience with MoveIt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that the tutorials are reviewed by those that are closest to the intended audience in terms of their amount of experience with MoveIt.
```
